
--------------------------------------------------

              MR CLEAN MAGIC ERASER

This edition of Blood on the Clocktower is brought
to you by Mr Clean Magic Eraser. There's no clean
like Mr Clean.

Your storyteller will regale you with enthralling
tales no longer... for they are dead! A wicked
demon has slashed their throat and smeared their
blood across the face of the clocktower, spelling
out with no subtlety, the words, 'You're next.'

Townsfolk, identifty the demon, execute it in the
name of your precious storyteller, and only then,
with the stain-banishing power of Mr Clean Magic
Eraser, get the Blood OFF the Clocktower.
--------------------------------------------------

                   LAW & ORDER

In the criminal justice system, the people are
represented by two separate yet equally important
groups: the town, who investigate crime; and the
evil, who wreak havoc.

These are their stories.
--------------------------------------------------

           INTRODUCTION TO DESTRUCTION

Children of the beast, embrace to scorn and hate
the human race. Consume the light that hugs the
earth and aid the womb in giving birth to a group
that will appear and guide you through this final
year. The dark armies then will come, when the sum
is forty-one.
--------------------------------------------------

                  PAIN FOR PLEASURE

The seas have parted. The ending's started. The
sky has turned to black. A killing spree through
eternity, the devil stabs you in the back. It's
midnight now you must escape somehow; torture is
his leisure. Don't try to hide he'll make you
subside as he exchanges pain for pleasure.
--------------------------------------------------

                      A DREAM

        In visions of the dark night
        I have dreamed of joy departed -
        but a waking dream of life and light
        hath left me broken-hearted.

        Ah! What is not a dream by day
        to him whose eyes are cast
        on things around him with a ray
        turned back upon the past?

        That holy dream - that holy dream,
        while all the world were chiding,
        hath cheered me as a lovely beam
        a lonely spirit guiding.

        What though that light, through
        storm and night, so trembled
        from afar - what could there be
        more purely brigbht in Thruth's
        day-star?
--------------------------------------------------

                 TROUBLE BREWING

Clouds roll in over Ravenswood Bluff, engulfing
this sleepy town and its superstitious inhabitants
in foreboding shadow. Freshly-washed clothes dance
eerily on lines strung between cottages. Chimneys
cough plumes of smoke into the air. Exocic scents
waft through cracks in windows and under doors, as
hidden cauldrons lay bubbling. An unusually warm
Autumn breeze wraps around vine-covered walls and
whispers ominously to those brave enough to walk
the cobbled streets.

Anxious mothers call their children home from
play, as thunder begins to clap on the horizon. If
you listen more clesely, however, noises stranger
sill can be heard echoing from the neighbouring
forest. Under the watchful eye of a looming
monastery, silhouetted figures skip from doorway
to doorway. Those who can read the signs know
there is... trouble brewing.
--------------------------------------------------
